[SASUGAI]
An unpolished talent.
A forgotten phenom.
A former child prodigy.
An unacknowledged genius.
Kensei Maeshima.
Called back to the ice after
years away by the chance
to face the skater he'd
considered his rival,
Reo Shinozaki.
Helped along by a nudge from
yours truly, Hayato Sasugai.
However...
[MAESHIMA]
So, yes, I, Kensei Maeshima,
may have goofed around
a lot yesterday,
but now, I'm formally joining
the skate-leading club!
Thank you!
[MAESHIMA gasps]
[KIRIYAMA]
Oh, yeah? You think so?
Don't assume it's okay
just because we've known
each other forever.
Fact of the matter is, there's
no place for you in our club.
Itsuki!
Disrespecting an upperclassman
and threatening violence?
--That proves how unworthy--
--Man, what the hell?
Maeshima, Kiriyama,
that's enough!
Easy!
What's up? I heard yelling.
Sorry, Coach.
We've been practicing
with Himekawa as the ace,
and we don't need some
outsider shaking things up.
And there's me--
ace number two!
Incorrect and unhelpful.
Now is not the time for us
to be adding on new members.
We're a team.
You get that this is a
club for skate-leading,
--not singles, right?
--Yeah, of course I do.
That's the entire
reason I'm here!
Hey, guys.
Quick question for ya.
Are you actually interested
in being the number one team?
Or are you cool with
Shinozaki's club beating you?
Whoa, hold on.
You trying to tell me if
we add him onto the team,
then we'll win?
And just who are you?
I haven't seen you around.
Hayato Sasugai, first year.
I'm hoping to join
the club, too.
Oh, not as one of the skating
members, but as a coach.
Do you know him?
Uh-uh. Maybe he's
a transfer student.
If you're really that determined
to return to the sport,
I can give you the name
of a singles figure
skating club instead.
Shinozaki's not doing
singles anymore!
He's the one I wanna beat!
[KIRIYAMA sighs]
Sorry for the delay, Coach.
We'll start practice now.
Let's go!
[ALL]
Yes, sir!
Uh...
Sho, wait! You don't agree
with him on this, do you?
You thought we'd be dying to
snap you up as our star skater?
You've been off the ice
for how many years now?
And the rest of us have spent
that whole time training.
Things aren't like
they used to be.
What about you? I mean,
you're the coach here, right?
So shouldn't you weigh
in or something?
[ADACHI grunts]
Huh?
Hey, don't give up so easily.
Leave it to me.
I'll think of a way to
convince them to let us--
You think I'm giving up?
No way am I gonna let this go!
Oh, boy. We're gonna need some
obedience training for sure.
Bad doggie.
[MAESHIMA]
Going for a run. I'll be back.
Huh?
Modern training regimens put
quality ahead of quantity
and include time
for plenty of rest.
You were on the ice for
the first time in a while,
I'm sure your muscles are sore.
I can't afford to sit
around doing nothing.
I need to start training now
if I'm gonna get back in shape.
[SASUGAI] So your grandparents
gave the "okay"
to you skating again?
Yeah, apparently,
they were worried about me
and think it might help.
Well, you should rest for today.
We don't want you
passing out tomorrow
during practice, you know.
That would be embarr--
Hey! Didn't I tell you to rest?
Stay! Sit! Heel!
[MAESHIMA yelling]
That jerk.
What's he doing?
Seems like he really
wants on the team.
What exactly do you
think you're doing?
Just getting a little
solo practice in.
You're done. Get lost.
No way. I have a
right to be here.
Hey, you know,
I've got a better way to get
them to let you join the club.
Less painful, too.
Shut up.
[KIRIYAMA]
I'm against it.
I don't see any upside
to letting him join.
[TERAUCHI]
At least then he wouldn't be
such a distraction
during practice.
You must realize that
somebody who's as moody,
restless, and illogical as
Maeshima will get bored
and quit as soon as he's begun.
If that's all there was to him,
could he have turned
out that performance?
He could become an asset.
And if he doesn't,
then we'll force him out,
but I think it'll be okay just
as long as we rein him in.
[grunts]
Well, you are the captain.
It's your call to make.
Well, then. You decide?
Uh-huh.
Nice, huh?
The jacket fits so well it's
like it was made just for me!
You're still a
provisional member.
If you'd left it to me,
we'd be on the team officially
by now, just sayin'.
[MAESHIMA]
It'll be fine, you'll see!
Everything's gonna change now.
Starting today, I get to
practice in a real rink again!
[ADACHI] Well, it looks like
we've got an extra person today.
Take the paper
you're being handed
and do what it tells you to do.
Huh?!
[ADACHI] Work hard,
but don't hurt yourself.
If you got questions, too bad.
I want you to take
the initiative
and figure it out on your own.
Good luck.
Hey, hold on a second!
This is all stupid basic stuff!
Is that a problem?
Yeah, of course it is!
If you're dissatisfied, you're
more than welcome to quit.
[YUKIMITSU] Hey, make sure
to keep your toes pointed
at the same angle!
Okay.
[MAESHIMA] Damn it! Everything
on my sheet is for beginners.
[SASUGAI] Captain: Third year,
Shotaro Terauchi.
Position: Guard.
Vice-Captain: Itsuki Kiriyama,
also a third year. Lead.
Akimitsu Mochizuki, second year.
The only wing on the team.
Sota Jonouchi.
Second year, guard.
Izumi Himekawa.
First year, lead.
The team's ace.
Tomoyuki Kubota.
First year, reserve.
The name's Sasugai, isn't it?
You have a minute?
Huh?
Just studying the team's data.
At least, all the relevant info.
You're Yukimitsu,
third year, manager,
and Akimitsu Mochizuki's
older brother.
You retired due to an injury
during a growth spurt
in middle school.
It's a shame.
If you had kept competing,
you would've been a guard
to rival Captain Terauchi.
That amount of research
borders on stalker-level.
Well, they say
knowledge is power,
and I like to be in control.
So, what other information
do you have on us?
[SASUGAI] Other than
Jonouchi and Himekawa,
everyone was from the
same club as Maeshima.
They did well at last
year's nationals,
making it all the way
to the semifinals.
[SASUGAI]
Then, there's Takumi Adachi,
still a competitive skater,
but coaching during
the year off he's taking
to undergo rehab
for his lower back.
All this raw talent
right in front of him.
Is he really going to refuse
to teach them anything?
Well, that'll make it easier for
me to swoop in and take over.
Okay, you've had your fun,
but that's enough
playing coach for now.
I'm not playing
anything. I really--
We're really busy. Come on.
[SASUGAI]
Today's day ten, huh?
I figured you would
snap right away,
but you've been pretty obedient.
I am a new club
member, after all,
and I need to build
up my stamina.
Now the truth?
[MAESHIMA] I didn't join up to
do this kind of low-level stuff.
I want to jump.
To get out there
and really skate
like I did at the exhibition.
[SASUGAI] Honestly,
for a training regimen
designed by a temporary coach,
it does kinda make sense.
It's good for someone like
you who's coming back
after a long break.
Try to keep going
with it for now.
[YUKIMITSU]
Hey, Sasu!
Huh? Coming!
Jeez. I'm being treated
like a manager.
[ALL]
Thank you very much!
[ADACHI]
Mhm. See ya.
Here's the key to the place,
Shima. Don't lose it.
The duty has been
Tomo's up until now,
but starting today, it's on you.
The rink is open to
the general public, too,
so take good care of it.
[TEACHER 02A]
Maeshima? Where's Maeshima?
Is he absent today?
Has anyone heard from him?
[JONOUCHI]
Maeshima's absent?
[KUBOTA] Yeah, and nobody
contacted the school, either.
[JONOUCHI laughs]
You think he's
finally giving up?
Somehow, I doubt
that's what happened.
[grunts]
What the heck?
Don't tell me he's
been here since morning.
He's definitely showing
signs of improvement.
Except, when did he find time
to practice this stuff?
Did he just try a quintuple?
That hurt.
Edge of my blade got caught
on the scratched-up rink.
[MAESHIMA]
Oh. Sorry about that, guys.
I'll, uh, get to work
smoothing out the rink.
[sighs]
You're expelled from the club.
Don't come back here again!
[gasps]
Tomo, contact the custodian.
Yes, sir!
[MAESHIMA]
What? But why?
You didn't keep to your
assigned training plan,
and you've wasted our practice
time because you were selfish.
As I thought, you're not
right for team sports.
We don't need you in our club,
so why don't you just go ahead
and take your things--?
[MAESHIMA]
What the hell?!
You've been making me practice
baby stuff every single day
when you know I can do
so much more than that!
You're wasting me!
Take a good look at
what I can really do!
I mean, you guys couldn't
beat me before, right?
So maybe it's time for you
to shut your fat mouth
and follow me for a change!
--[AKIMITSU] Huh?
--[JONOUCHI] Ugh.
Yeah, pretty sure
Ken's talking about
elementary school, you guys.
And there's that
attitude of yours!
Maeshima, go get ready.
I've decided that
if you can beat me,
then I'll let you join
the club officially.
And if that happens, I'll
also propose that the coach
change up your training plan.
Seriously?
For real?
But if you lose,
you do understand
what's going to happen, right?
I've never lost to you
in a tournament before, Sho,
and I'm not starting now.
[SASUGAI snoring]
[phone buzzing]
[SASUGAI]
Huh?
What the--?
Damn it, is that
seriously the time?
Practice has already started.
[SASUGAI]
Huh?
Hey, what happened?
Oh, Sasugai, you're here.
Wow. How fascinating.
It's really strange.
Ken performed so well
at the exhibition,
but then in his match
against the captain,
he just kept crashing
and burning.
[SASUGAI]
What was the contest?
[KUBOTA]
They were taught a routine,
and then they had ten minutes
to practice before they started.
Heh.
Hey, Maeshima!
First of all, undervaluing
the basics is a mistake.
Also, you need to watch
the overconfidence, bud.
Not that we won't need that
competitive spirit of yours
in our upcoming fight,
'cause we totally will.
I told you before--
you have an uncanny ability
to move your body
however you want
and perfectly imitate
someone else's moves.
But now, it's clear that
the key to unlocking that
is for you to be
inspired by it first.
You won't be able
to visualize it well
if you're only taught it once.
So, your break from
skating is in the way
of your visualization.
Or you could be
stupid! Who knows?
The good news is, the coach's
training plan was designed
to help your body remember
how it moved before.
I don't want to admit it,
but it's well thought out.
Cool. You happy now?
Then get off the rink. You're
in the way of our practice.
It was really my
fault this time
for not taking your personality
into consideration.
Sorry. I'll take responsibility.
Hey, here's a thought, Kiriyama.
If your argument
is that Maeshima
isn't suited to being on a team,
then shouldn't you
hold a team match?
And, Captain, you took
advantage of the fact
that your opponent hadn't
skated for a while to win.
You good with that?
Okay, what do you wanna do?
[SASUGAI] Let's have an
inter-team match, whaddya say?
Your team versus ours.
If we win, then you let us
join the club officially.
[KIRIYAMA]
And if you lose?
If that happens,
then I'll drop out of Ionodai.
[gasps]
[KUBOTA]
You'll drop out of school?
[YUKIMITSU]
For real?
So, what do you say?
Those stakes sound fair to you?
Screw that!
What're you thinking?
Then I'll just drop out, too!
The question is, what're you
thinking? I'm going through--
It's my problem to begin with!
We made a pact, didn't we?
We're in the same damn boat!
Oh, jeez.
Anyway, that's how it is,
so please think about
it very carefully.
I'm sure you realize that our
futures are at stake here.
[growls]
Maeshima, you said you wanted
a more challenging practice.
You'd acknowledge that he's got
initiative then, right, Coach?
Here's an idea, maybe you could
go ahead and call off the match
since it's totally unnecessary
and just let us join the club?
Oh, no, we'll take
that bet of yours.
That's what you want, right?
Fine by me.
We're looking at a team
match with three per side.
It'll take place in a week.
On your team: Captain Terauchi,
Vice-Captain Kiriyama,
and Akimitsu,
with Yukimitsu on reserve.
Uh, I'd like to point
out that I'm retired.
On our team, it's Maeshima,
Jonouchi, and Himekawa,
with Kubota on reserve.
[YUKIMITSU] Three people
who could all skate lead.
It's not a very balanced choice.
Are we giving him
too much credit?
Hold on, though.
I don't wanna be on the
same team as this guy.
We don't really have time
to do this right now, do we?
We'll decide positions
and starting team members
based on what happens
in this match.
It's something we would've
had to do anyway.
Is it okay with you, Coach?
[ADACHI]
Go ahead.
That's how it'll be, then.
Jonouchi, Himekawa.
Yes, sir! Got it!
Yes, sir.
It's all decided, then.
Time to make plans!
Let's go have our first little
team meeting--it'll be fun.
Oh, right, Captain,
just a thought,
but during your slow jumps,
you should really try to tighten
up your core a bit more.
Kiriyama, you should
lift your head more.
And Akimitsu,
during your Choctaw,
you need to put
your right foot down
after you push
your heel forward.
Anything for me?
Dunno.
Uh. How mean.
Are you trying to help
the enemy or what?
[SASUGAI] A challenge will
only make us better!
[TERAUCHI]
Sorry about this, Coach.
It's fine. Just kind of a pain.
But I'll admit,
it won't be a good look
if the team falls apart a split
second after I become the coach.
Oh, well. Let's do it.
[OTHERS]
We won't let you down, sir!
Sorry!
About what?
Because all of this is my fault.
You might have to drop out.
Then I guess you'll
just have to do your part
to make sure we don't lose.
Thing is, do we even
have a chance?
Everyone on the other team has
regularly made it to nationals
since middle school.
Although, their other guard did
end up at a different school.
Yeah, I know.
Taiga Himuro, right?
He's actually the captain
of Shinozaki's team now.
An elite skater at
a prestigious school.
Anyway, you don't need to worry.
I'm not really in the habit
of making bets I can't win.
Yeah, but--
Oh, that's right,
we still need to talk
about our positions
for the match.
[AKIMITSU] Wow, doing what he
said makes it a lot easier
to skate on the
back outside edge.
[TERAUCHI]
That Sasugai.
[KIRIYAMA]
This is crazy.
How'd he figure out our
weaknesses so quickly?
Oh, my, it looks to me like Sasu
had a legit reason to
talk big, after all.
[ADACHI]
It can't be helped.
Guess I'll have to
actually teach now.
I'm gonna skate lead.
I won't hear any objections.
I started figure
skating to get girls.
But in order to do that,
I need to stand out!
And in order to stand out,
I gotta be the star,
the point-getter, the lead!
I don't get it, though.
Your position is guard, right?
That's just temporary--
laying low for now.
Not because you'd have
to drop out, though.
It's my time. I'm skating
lead, no buts about it!
What the hell, dude?!
Then who's gonna be guard,
you thought of that?
Not my job.
[MAESHIMA growls]
Can you--?
No. I've never trained to do
lifts, and I don't plan to.
And besides that, I have no
intention of giving up the lead
to somebody worse than me.
Wha--?! What're you
trying to say?
You think I'm that much
worse than you?
Not to be rude, but have you
ever seen yourself skate?
Let's take it outside!
No, thanks.
[JONOUCHI growls]
[JONOUCHI] Himekawa, you've been
like this ever since you joined!
You should learn a little
something from Kubota!
How the heck are
you sitting there
looking like this has
nothing to do with you?
This is very much your
problem, too, you know.
Calm down, it's fine.
Why don't we see
how practice goes
and then we can decide
on positions after that?
Yeah. Makes sense.
Arguing here won't
do us any good.
Stop acting all
leader-like, First Year!
He's right.
Shut up!
Ken, would you calm down?
You'll make trouble
for the restaurant!
[MAESHIMA]
You shut up, too!
[JONOUCHI]
No, you, Maeshima!
[MAESHIMA]
Huh?!
[AKIMITSU] The coach
really is amazing, huh?
I mean, it was his first
time really trying,
but all his notes and
fixes were exactly right!
I feel like I've dramatically
improved in just one day!
Well, don't get so excited
that you hurt yourself.
[KIRIYAMA]
Hey.
You worried about them?
You shouldn't be.
Just think about it,
they're the ones who brought
up dropping out of school.
Whatever happens,
it's not on you.
Nah.
I was actually just visualizing
the new routine in my head.
I see.
[KIRIYAMA] Terauchi was scouted
by St. Clavis Gakuin.
Just like Himuro.
But he gave that up so he could
go to the same high school
as the rest of us.
He wanted to make it
to nationals together.
And now, this guy who paid
no attention to us at all
when we were novices,
suddenly appears out of nowhere
and starts messing
everything up.
I will not let that happen.
There's no way.
Terauchi doesn't deserve that.
If I have to, I'll--
Hey, your eyebrows are
doing that thing again.
Stop that.
What? Come on,
I've known you forever.
Be quiet.
So, what do you think
of our school rink?
I'm surprised.
I never imagined a high school
would have their own rink.
It's no wonder the
team's invincible.
[HIMURO]
Kensei Maeshima.
He quit figure
skating for a while,
but I heard he made
a big return recently.
Someone I know told me about it.
So what?
Get this--the club at his
school is having a match
between club members soon.
Are you interested?
Oh, wow.
Yeah, he really is good.
Back in middle school, no one
ever took much notice of him.
I guess because his team
never did very well.
But, yeah, his
individual abilities
are pretty considerable.
Maeshima, if you're seriously
aiming to be number one,
then he's another person
you'll have to beat
in order to get there.
Doesn't change
anything, though!
I'm not moving from
my lead position.
Well, I don't have any plans of
giving up my position, either.
Oh, yeah? Meet me
behind the school
and I'll teach you 'bout a
thing called "hierarchy"!
No, thanks. Also,
we're not even at school.
I'll kick your butt,
you bastard!
[KUBOTA]
Stop, you guys!
Come on, both of you,
please just stop!
You fired up yet?
You're gonna have to
bring this team together
in order to win the match,
then beat the team
Shinozaki's on,
or else you won't get
to be number one.
Right. Let's get it done!
[SASUGAI]
Your big brother.
[AKIMITSU]
Yuki?
[SASUGAI]
What are his weaknesses?
Anything wrong with him?
[AKIMITSU]
Uh, why do you ask?
[SASUGAI] To manipulate him
and like, take him in.
[YUKIMITSU]
Sasu, don't forget the laundry!
[SASUGAI]
Fine, I'm taking it in now!
[AKIMITSU]
You're the one being taken in.